Add parallel runtime information (#1083)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/configuration-settings.adoc

m|+++0.75+++
|===

[[config_server.cypher.parallel.worker_limit]]
=== `server.cypher.parallel.worker_limit`

label:enterprise-edition[Enterprise Edition]
label:new[Introduced in 5.13]

.server.cypher.parallel.worker_limit 
[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description
a| Number of threads to allocate to Cypher worker threads for the parallel runtime.
If set to a positive number, that number of workers will be started.
If set to `0`, one worker will be started for every logical processor available to the Java Virtual Machine.

> If set to a negative number we will subtract the value from the number of logical processors available; for example, say Neo4j is running on a server with 16 available processors, using `server.cypher.parallel.worker_limit = -1` would then mean that 15 threads are available for the parallel runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to a negative number, that number will be subtracted from the total number of logical processors available on the server. For example, if the server has 16 available processors and you set `server.cypher.parallel.worker_limit` to `-1`, the parallel runtime will have 15 threads available.
```

Author: Thanks @renetapopova. I agree that it is slightly awkwardly phrased. However, I took it verbatim from the mono-repo, and changing it will mean there is a discrepancy between docs and the mono-repo. I propose that I change it in the mono-repo once 5.13 has been released and then update the docs accordingly (and that we therefore merge this as is). What do you think?

Reviewer: Sure.

Reviewer: I'll create a card so as not to forget and merge this one.
